feat: correct update direction in `for-direction` (#17483)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/rules/for-direction.md

rule_type: problem
---

A `for` loop with a stop condition that can never be reached, such as one with a counter that moves in the wrong direction, will run infinitely. While there are occasions when an infinite loop is intended, the convention is to construct such loops as `while` loops. More typically, an infinite for loop is a bug.

## Rule Details

> This rule forbids for loops where the counter variable increases or decreases in the wrong direction.

Reviewer: This read a little weird to me, maybe this?

```suggestion
This rule forbids `for` loops where the counter variable changes in such a way that the stop condition will never be met. For example, if the counter variable is increasing (i.e. `i++`) and the stop condition tests that the counter is greater than zero (`i >=0`) then the loop will never exit.
```
